---
layout: post
templateKey: blog-post
path: "/posts/2011/07/nigel-and-sam-fundraising-ride-to-france/"
date: "2011-07-12T09:49:03Z"
title: "Nigel and Sam - Fundraising ride to France"
categories: []
tags: [fundraising]
excerpt: "An article by Nigel Palmer:In the past 6 years the charity has gone from strength to strength and i..."
---

An article by Nigel Palmer:

In the past 6 years the charity has gone from strength to strength and is now improving the lives of over 45,000 people by helping them build schools and clinics, providing bicycle ambulances, all types of training and encouraging them to become self- sufficient. 

We now have over 100 people assisting us in our work in Malawi with quite a few in the UK too, almost all unpaid.  To maintain what we have created so far costs us £7000 per month.  For example this week 8 babies have been born safely in our temporary maternity unit, bearing in mind 1 in 6 mothers in our area die each week giving birth. 

On the 26th July I will mountain bike to Chinon, France to raise awareness of our need and to raise funds. With my son Sam, we will cycle up to 100km a day over 5 days carrying our own luggage, with no support vehicle!  

We have great ambitions for the work of the Landirani Trust and a number of major projects we wish to undertake over the next few years. But it is vital before we grow further that we can maintain and develop what we have already started.  

So this year our request wherever possible is for regular giving.  With enough people coming together to make a small monthly donation we can maintain what we do on a long-term basis. Do please help if you can. Of course a one-off donation instead would be very gratefully received too.  

Ways to support: 

Fill in a regular payment to the Landirani Trust via your online banking.  Our account number is 43436373, sort code 20-84-17 

Make a one-off donation using the same method or by cheque 

Send back a completed Direct Debit form (you can download one from the website - to the right of this page) 

Donate by PayPal using the button to the right of this page.

Zikomo Kwambiri

<div>
</div>