---
layout: post
templateKey: blog-post
featuredImage: /img/blog/default-image.jpg
path: "/posts/2011/08/health-2/"
date: "2011-08-24T12:27:00Z"
title: "Health"
categories: ["News from Malawi"]
tags: []
excerpt: " <span style=\"letter-spacing: 0.0px;\">Health</span>* <span style=\"letter-spacing: 0.0px;\">We ha..."
---

 

<span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">**Health**</span>

* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">We were successful in obtaining funding from TNM to purchase another 5 bicycle ambulances which have now been made by Sakaramenta in Blantyre and are ready to deliver to Lilongwe.  The training in the use of these ambulances will take place in the third week of March, after which they will be distributed to 5 villages which lie remotely from clinics and which have supportive local communities.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">The maternity Unit at M’bang’ombe remains closed, but the District Health Authority have converted the Guardian Shelter there into a temporary maternity unit as an emergency measure.  It is not yet open as a bathroom and toilet have not yet been built.  Landiani has built new bathrooms, storerooms, and kitchens within a walled yard on each of the three staff houses, and painted two of the houses (with the Medical Assistant’s house being decorated by the District Health Authority).  Toilets are currently being constructed to the rear of these three houses.  Unfortunately, so far attempts by the District nursing Officer to recruit a Nurse Midwife and a Community nurse for the facility have been unsuccessful.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">Landirani is working with HSAs from the local Health facilities to encourage them to visit the nearby preschools to treat minor complaints and monitor the children’s health</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">We are working in partnership with Solar Aid to investigate the possibility of installing/refurbishing the solar energy supply at both N’goni and M’bang’ombe Health Centres.  </span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">25 boxes of Sibusiso (60 sachets each) have been given to M’bang’ombe Health Centre to be used in cases of severe illness to aid patients to recover strength.  The HSAs have agreed to monitor the use of this product and keep accurate record in order to assess its impact.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">We have been discussing with FPAM the possibility of starting a project in our area for young people aged 10-25 who are HIV+ve.  This would run along the same lines as the ‘continuum of care’ project that FPAM has run in other Districts and TAs.  However, we have yet to secure any funding to support this project. </span>