---
layout: post
templateKey: blog-post
path: "/posts/2011/08/orphan-care-and-social-welfare-2/"
date: "2011-08-24T12:29:23Z"
title: "Orphan Care and Social Welfare"
categories: ["News from Malawi"]
tags: []
excerpt: " <span style=\"letter-spacing: 0.0px;\">Orphan Care and Social Welfare </span>* <span style=\"lette..."
---

 

<span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">**Orphan Care and Social Welfare** </span>

* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">Work has started on a Community-Based Childcare Centreat Kafutwe in Mtema (using funds donated by the Allen and Nesta Ferguson Trust).  </span>

* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">We now have 6 Children’s Corners up and running.  Four of the Children’s Corners have had additional training in the use of play materials which were donated both by Landirani Trust and UNICEF, such as colouring and painting materials, jigsaws and children’s games.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">The Children’s Corner Committees have initiated regular meetings of the adult and children’s Committe Chairs so that they can share ideas and resolve problems.   – At the first one they decided to hold a sports tournament between the various groups.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">12 Children’s Corner volunteers took part in a peer visit to a well-established Children’s corner in Area 12 in order to gain some experience from seasoned CC volunteers.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">Two Children’s Corners have started maize gardens with support from our Agricultural Worker, and a variety of fruit trees is being provided to all Children’s Corners.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">All six Children’s Corners have received resource materials and a bicycle from UNICEF.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">We are still waiting for a response from UNICEF concerning our proposal for the refurbishment of 5 CBCCs which were built by CPAR and are not in a good condition and the training of volunteers to operate them. This proposal also includes funding to start parenting programmes</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">We are still awaiting a response from the DAC to our Expression  of Interest for a project to train 30 HIV+ve people as tailors which was submitted in November.  We now expect a response in March.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">We are still awaiting funding from UNFAO for the pig-rearing project which will engage 20 widows who are caring for orphans in the Lumbadzi area. Approval was given in August but it is taking a long time for the funding to arrive in Malawi.</span>