---
layout: post
templateKey: blog-post
featuredImage: /img/blog/default-image.jpg
path: "/posts/2011/08/education-2/"
date: "2011-08-24T11:27:40Z"
title: "Education"
categories: ["News from Malawi"]
tags: []
excerpt: " <span style=\"letter-spacing: 0.0px;\">Education</span>* <span style=\"letter-spacing: 0.0px;\">Fi..."
---

 

<span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">**Education**</span>

* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">Another two students have been taken on to our scholarship programme, bringing the total number of students to 36.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">A Trainee Education Manager, Jack Maduka  is gradually taking over the responsibilities of the position:  he will take over completely at the beginning of April</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">Six Children’s Corners are now fully operational, as well as four preschools with feeding programmes.   The preschool volunteers have been trained to record the weight and height for each child, to assist in monitoring the effectiveness of the programme. Initial results look very promising.  </span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">Our first student has started  a Carpentry and Joinery course run by TEVETA at Nasawa Technical college in Zomba.  Negotiations are also well advanced to engage 12 young people from Lumbadzi in the informal apprenticeship programme in a variety of trades (auto mechanics, electrical installation, plumbing, etc.)</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">We are working with Solar Aid to investigate the possibility of installing solar energy into 10 schools and 2 TDCs in the area.  If accepted by the community, these units would provide lighting and the ability to charge phones, run a barber shop or show videos for both educational and income generating purposes.</span>
* <span style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">Financial support has been given by UK partner schools to assist in the building of two teacher’s houses, at Namanyanga and Kafutwe.  Seven other schools have also been allocated funds and are currently deciding how they will use the additional income, in discussion with their SMCs and PTAs.</span>