---
layout: post
templateKey: blog-post
path: "/posts/2012/04/whats-in-a-name/"
date: "2012-04-16T13:10:14Z"
title: "What’s In A Name? "
categories: []
tags: [general]
excerpt: "  A competition for children in Primary or Secondary school...We are running a competition to re-na..."
---

  

A competition for children in Primary or Secondary school...

We are running a competition to re-name The Landirani Trust.  We are looking for something short and memorable that says something about what the charity does. We shall keep the name Landirani in Malawi where it means something, and keep it as a tag line in the UK.

The name must not already be registered with The Charity Commission, see www.charity-commission.gov.uk and the domain must be available with the entry name and .org after it. For example orphancaremalawi.org. The charity will make the final decision if this name will be used as the new name of the charity.

**There are prizes for best entries:**

1st prize is 4 tickets to Chessington World of Adventures

2nd prize is £15 voucher from The Entertainer

Entries must be in by midnight on 11th June 2012

Results announced on Tuesday 19th June 2012

Entries by mail to: The Landirani Trust, P.O. Box 851A, Kingston upon Thames, KT1 9FD

Email: info@landirani.org

Some useful information...

The Landirani Trust supports orphans and vulnerable people in the rural area in Malawi.  Many of these children are orphans due to HIV/AIDS and malaria along with having poor access to clean water and health facilities.  Most of the support is done through education within the schools and directly with the communities building them to be self-sufficient.  Our Aim is to ‘see a healthy, educated self-sufficient community in Malawi’.  The key words that may help you, but you can think of your own, are: Malawi, children, orphan, improve, care, community, enhance, educate, support, Africa, etc.

**The name selected should be memorable and say something about the charity.**

<div>Good luck!</div>